Who else do you have?
Do you dare to question the identity of Mr. Jianzun?
I dare not question what His Majesty Raindrop said
Zhang Yongchang, as the governor of Yuncheng
Don't you know the identity of the Sword Lord?
Report to Your Majesty Raindrop
i
I have already learned that the sword lord
To hold a wedding in Yunzhou
I especially request from Lord Zunshi
See you for the first time
Lord Jianzun
Are you still questioning my identity?
You are really the founder of Kowloon Group
Ordinary people can be turned into myths in a matter of seconds
Lord Qianzun
This scene
I couldn't deny him even if I wanted to
If you're really that good
Why was Li Jiazhuo out of the house?
Selling fried noodles on the street again
Li Jiazhuo, I am blind because of them
Preference for Li Dongjie
I was born a child prodigy.
See through everything in the world
I know the reality of the world
I don't want people to flatter me because I'm strong
I just want to meet some warm people and things in the low place
So I grew up hiding my strength
Secret creative Kowloon store
Then go to the street to sell fried noodles
Live an ordinary life
Because there's only halos up there.
Ordinary people's lives have flesh and blood
Only fireworks
Do you understand?
But even so
You like me?
Why can't you tell me this?
I am the prince of the Li family
You don't think you deserve me
If I told you that I am the Dragon Movie Swordsman
You will only be more ashamed
So I'm helping you secretly
Hope you succeed
Can have more confidence
Then you don't need to know my identity as Sword Master
Our feelings and identities and fame and fortune
It doesn't matter.
As long as you really love each other
It's just that I didn't think about it
You've just made your mark.
You become arrogant
Look down on me